hello! myself 'aashutosh singh' from the team- 'OneManShow'.
i was not planning to take on this challenge/competition but when i was talking to my senior bhaiya (after 24 hr of the commencement of the comp) he told me just to join, just to learn. 
and thank god i did. 

i read the blog from last competition just to know what i am getting myself into, and so i realised that how cool is this. 
PART-1: 
so heres how i started
starting from the announcement page senior bhaiya attached a file names 'AAA' and told about ASCII values and said, "What looks like endless noise may conceal a deeper truth."
i opened the file on my text file and zoomed out (not too much or it again gets disturbed) to notice that each line have different number of A's. and from the little amount of cso lectures we had. so i thought of making something similar to hexadecimal and take help of the ASCII values, and so i did. it converted to- A112A97A115A116A101A98A105A110A46A99A111A109A47A107A75A84A120A103A70A110
i put this string in dCode's ASCII converter and got a link to pastebin website: https://pastebin.com/kKTxgzFn     named- "Tujhe dikh nhi rha lekin woh hai"

at first i saw nothing but blank lines and a dot at the end.
i download that text file and selected all the text which gave me something interesting... it was not random... it followed a pattern, each line had different number of spaces.. (useless observation- while zoomed out it looked like a key when all text is selected). then i did some research about different types of encoding one can do which included spaces, soon i found about whitespace language which i found that dCode has THAT too. so after attaching that text file it gave me a link to reddit page.

PART-2:

first thing i saw was the subreddit page name- r/A858, it looked like a normal reddit page, with some normal queries one person has but the description had some interesting rules and the one which sticked out the most- "Here everything is a clue, and everything is a distraction". after that i saw the comments which were pretty weird and the old photos shared too. while enquiring comments section of a post "Messi better" (agreed) i saw a user with a qr code as profile picture, which had "QR-2" written over it. and so i knew what my task was. i started searching for more of these but i couldn't find anything straightforward like before. then i started looking over each posts in more detail. first post- Demon Slayer Infinity Castle Movie trailer, i first noticed how bad its quality was and then there were some random glitch effects in between which i was sure that its not a part of the trailer. i kept that post aside to look and found comments in which one said "Though I got to know that all passwords and keys are A585, I hope they have not changed it yet" i tried putting that password in some websites like the tenor as it was shared in some comment but any obvious combination of username and password was not working, so i just took note of it and also kept that aside.
next post was of 2 fish with bhaiya in comments section telling about the string he got from the image and saying that he might win something big. i tried decoding it on cyber chef, i was having no luck on decoding it whatsoever and was about to just label it as the "red herring" until i found about the entropy feature. that feature gave an entropy of 5.79 which said that its not fully random or its encoded but not encrypted. so AGAIN i kept it aside to look into for later.
then there was a post of a cat and ps5, tbh idk what it meant. bhaiya was talking about a cat in comments of trailer but still i couldn't find anything to take note of (maybe i missed an easter egg).then some other posts in which i couldn't find much interesting and then there was a post about 4chan where bhaiya was talking about coc so as a guy who has never played that i just thought it was some time pass stuff. after that i saw the "fishy" code. what got my attention was the text 'KEY' in it, so one of my lost piece found its place. it was a python code, i didn't had it installed and online compiler kept giving me some errors so i held that problem until i could get someones laptop with python installed (i think i was just lazy to install it lol). this was followed by some creepy posts of wizard and devil type stuff which warned us participants about cheating. then came the "click if you are not gay" it was text about ctf and it had a link to another pastebin post which had a code (but no normal code). i couldn't understand anything from that but then i noticed a string which was commented out. i tried decoding that but again no luck but that also gave pretty low entropy, i ended up not going much into it (ig another easter egg missed D:  ) then for the last post there was a poem and comment from bhaiya telling to hurry up as time is ticking.
so ya overall i got no progress and was feeling down coz of the drop of speed. but then i again started looking at the marked stuffs, the video-- i used pot player to play that video frame by frame to find something hidden among those glitches, which i did- it was at the entrance of muichiro :) ... there were many other glitch effects too but no clear text was visible i did thought that there might be something hidden in like morse code coz of some random patterns i spotted but i didn't waste much time investigating over so subtle... so the text i found turned out to be latitude of a location so my goal was now to find the longitude.i had 2 place to check for- the code and that coc code thingy. i started with the easy thing... coc, i downloaded it to look for some friend list thing or clan thing... i had to play a bit to get access to that -_- but then i joined a clan using the code which was given- #2RYLCYCYG
and there it was the longitude.


PART-3: 
it was raining but bhaiya sent an announcement about only 1 spot remaining so i had to rush. i just took my slippers and went without umbrella XD to find that place.
i reached the data science and AI lab and the location was precisely of the side of that building. and the cheeky bhaiyas had that qr pasted below an overhang coz of which it didn't got wet and was still good to scan even in the rain.
i got the QR-4 . then when i came back i took my friend's laptop to use python and run that program
it had some errors coz of some python update or something (syntax error: bs last line m () lgana tha) and it was quite obvious that what it was for... it was to decode- i had 2 strings which i needed to decode, the "2 fish thing" and that pastebin commented string. it was the former for which it gave an url and it was pretty obvious as the python said "2 fish 1 cup" (trauma flashbacks iykwim) which was a clear sign to use that image of 2 fish post.
so from the url i got a photo of tree with a ground in the background. so again i took off from my room starting my search from the LC, and the 2 things i noted was the ground in the back and the tape around the tree. and luckily it was actually NEAR to where i started to search. i got the url written below the tree to get the 2nd last qr (QR-1). i was confused for the last, after searching thru the whole reddit i checked out "wizard" bhaiya's profile where he CASUALLY POSTED THE LAST QR. so i just merged all 4 together using some image editor on android :-) to get to the final website which gave me my certificate string for completing the challenge


EXTRAS- i was excited for those private pics 😭 
and i think i found a easter egg- in the announcement for this challenge the alt text said for the A858 image: 'Noob' 

so ya this was my journey thru my first infosec challenge and im looking forward for more... but not anytime soon, it took so much time :')
thank you for giving the chance.
